honourable senators , what happened here last Tuesday ? 
a committee with selection was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of the committee . 
and I am expected the committee rise is knew too what to do with the Senate independent . 
and it will not strike so much for a moment . 
the members of the committee selection can show some impact . 
on the business which strikes a senator in next two years . 
it is a committee important , because in principle , these nine Senate actually in its sit there . 
my been introduced in the sitting of a committee that yesterday to see that a the nine Senate not attend . 
he was sent a replacement . 
honourable Senate , I will name people . 
you see so that I am friendly ' t it ? 
the Senate will have their own research and find that had been fault . 
when an individual accepts an work , it must the do . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient their duty much more that the majority of men in the Senate . 
i remember as the hold by kept the subamendment - committee veterans in February 1998 . 
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons do not sitting at the time . 
three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all women . 
the leadership of the Senate could not find a man to the committee . 
i could cite , word by word what the Hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question have him put . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
has stated that she was the first to address about representation for women in a report . 
that she had written on the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
The delegations at that time was formées only from men . 
in this regard , on have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I expect has the opportunity to enter my association preferred . 
honourable senators , i do not know how or when the House will be decision about these two reports . 
each time that the Senate is verdict on television . 
or wondered by a group of students , journalists other . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be translated in practice . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a Senate accept position on in committee , he or is she should participate any meetings intended . 
we are not member of Parliament which the words in corridors : 
" Présentez how much at committee today and when two years of education there will be voting final in '' . 
they do not even know what is viewed but stand out when their leaders them . 
they do not know no what has happened . 
honourable senators , the words " continuité " and dedication is the way in our speech . 
over the next two weeks and start to consider the way we will address situation Senate independent . 
if we non - are not , I créerai my own committee of Parliament who if they are interested in the world affairs . 
no one can we are gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. Senator are wishes to speak , you please be honourable senators to pass motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motion agreed to , the report passed ) 
